java/awt/Choice/GetSizeTest/GetSizeTest.java                                                macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Choice/ResizeAutoClosesChoice/ResizeAutoClosesChoice.java                          windows-all
java/awt/Choice/SelectCurrentItemTest/SelectCurrentItemTest.html                            macosx-all
java/awt/Dialog/MakeWindowAlwaysOnTop/MakeWindowAlwaysOnTop.java                            macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Dialog/NestedDialogs/Modal/NestedModalDialogTest.java                              macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Dialog/NestedDialogs/Modeless/NestedModelessDialogTest.java                        macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Dialog/SiblingChildOrder/SiblingChildOrderTest.java                                macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/EventDispatchThread/LoopRobustness/LoopRobustness.html                             windows-all
java/awt/EventDispatchThread/PreserveDispathThread/PreserveDispatchThread.java              windows-all
java/awt/FileDialog/FilenameFilterTest/FilenameFilterTest.html                              macosx-all
java/awt/FileDialog/MoveToTrashTest.java                                                    windows-all
java/awt/Focus/AppletInitialFocusTest/AppletInitialFocusTest1.html                          linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/FileDialog/ModalFocus/FileDialogModalFocusTest.java                                windows-all
java/awt/Focus/ConsumeNextKeyTypedOnModalShowTest/ConsumeNextKeyTypedOnModalShowTest.java   linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Focus/ContainerFocusAutoTransferTest/ContainerFocusAutoTransferTest.java           macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/DisposedWindow/DisposeDialogNotActivateOwnerTest/DisposeDialogNotActivateOwnerTest.java macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/FocusEmbeddedFrameTest/FocusEmbeddedFrameTest.java                           windows-all
java/awt/Focus/FocusTransitionTest/FocusTransitionTest.java                                 macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Focus/InputVerifierTest3/InputVerifierTest3.java                                   macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/ModalExcludedWindowClickTest/ModalExcludedWindowClickTest.html               macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Focus/NonFocusableWindowTest/NonfocusableOwnerTest.java                            macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Focus/RemoveAfterRequest/RemoveAfterRequest.java                                   macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/RequestFocusAndHideTest/RequestFocusAndHideTest.java                         macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/WindowIsFocusableAccessByThreadsTest/WindowIsFocusableAccessByThreadsTest.java macosx-all
java/awt/FontClass/GlyphRotationTest.java                                                   windows-all
java/awt/Frame/MaximizedToIconified/MaximizedToIconified.java                               linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/MiscUndecorated/ActiveAWTWindowTest.java                                     macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/MiscUndecorated/ActiveSwingWindowTest.java                                   macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/MiscUndecorated/FrameCloseTest.java                                          macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/MiscUndecorated/RepaintTest.java                                             macosx-all
java/awt/Frame/NormalToIconified/NormalToIconifiedTest.java                                 linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/ObscuredFrame/ObscuredFrameTest.java                                         linux-all
java/awt/Frame/UnfocusableMaximizedFrameResizablity/UnfocusableMaximizedFrameResizablity.java linux-all
java/awt/Frame/ShapeNotSetSometimes/ShapeNotSetSometimes.java                               windows-all
java/awt/FullScreen/SetFSWindow/FSFrame.java                                                windows-all
java/awt/Graphics/LineClipTest.java                                                         windows-all
java/awt/Graphics2D/ScaledTransform/ScaledTransform.java                                    macosx-all
java/awt/JAWT/JAWT.sh                                                                       linux-all
java/awt/KeyboardFocusmanager/TypeAhead/EnqueueWithDialogTest/EnqueueWithDialogTest.java    macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/LightweightDispatcher/LWDispatcherMemoryLeakTest.java                              windows-all
java/awt/List/ItemEventTest/ItemEventTest.java                                              macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/List/NofocusListDblClickTest/NofocusListDblClickTest.java                          macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/AWT_Mixing/OpaqueOverlapping.java                                           macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/AWT_Mixing/ViewportOverlapping.java                                         macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/HWDisappear.java                                                            macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/LWPopupMenu.java                                                            macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/MixingInHwPanel.java                                                        macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/ValidBounds.java                                                            macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/Validating.java                                                             macosx-all
java/awt/Modal/ModalDialogOrderingTest/ModalDialogOrderingTest.java                         windows-all
java/awt/Modal/ToBack/ToBackModeless6Test.java                                              linux-all
java/awt/Mouse/MouseComboBoxTest/MouseComboBoxTest.java                                     macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mouse/MouseWheelAbsXY/MouseWheelAbsXY.java                                         macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/MouseAdapter/MouseAdapterUnitTest/MouseAdapterUnitTest.java                        macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/MouseInfo/ComponentMousePositionTest.java                                          macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/MouseInfo/JContainerMousePositionTest.java                                         macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Paint/ComponentIsNotDrawnAfterRemoveAddTest/ComponentIsNotDrawnAfterRemoveAddTest.java macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Paint/ExposeOnEDT.java                                                             windows-all
java/awt/PopupMenu/PopupMenuLocation.java                                                   macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Robot/HiDPIMouseClick/HiDPIRobotMouseClick.java                                    windows-all
java/awt/Robot/HiDPIScreenCapture/HiDPIRobotScreenCaptureTest.java                          windows-all
java/awt/Robot/MouseLocationOnScreen/MouseLocationOnScreen.java                             windows-all
java/awt/Robot/MultiScreenRobotPosition/MultiScreenRobotPosition.java                       macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Scrollbar/ScrollbarMouseWheelTest/ScrollbarMouseWheelTest.java                     macosx-all
java/awt/SplashScreen/FullscreenAfterSplash/FullScreenAfterSplash.java                      macosx-all
java/awt/TextArea/Mixing/TextAreaMixing.java                                                macosx-all
java/awt/TextArea/UsingWithMouse/SelectionAutoscrollTest.java                               macosx-all
java/awt/Toolkit/RealSync/Test.java                                                         linux-all
java/awt/Toolkit/SunDisplayChangerLeakTest/SunDisplayChangerLeakTest.java                   macosx-all,linux-all
java/awt/TrayIcon/SecurityCheck/FunctionalityCheck/FunctionalityCheck.java                  macosx-all
java/awt/Window/FindOwner/FindOwnerTest.html                                                macosx-all
java/awt/Window/MainKeyWindowTest/TestMainKeyWindow.java                                    macosx-all
java/awt/Window/OwnedWindowsLeak/OwnedWindowsLeak.java                                      linux-all
java/awt/Window/ScreenLocation/ScreenLocationTest.java                                      linux-all
java/awt/Window/SetWindowLocationByPlatformTest/SetWindowLocationByPlatformTest.java        linux-all
java/awt/Window/WindowResizing/DoubleClickTitleBarTest.java                                 macosx-all
java/awt/datatransfer/Independence/IndependenceAWTTest.java                                 linux-all
java/awt/datatransfer/MissedHtmlAndRtfBug/MissedHtmlAndRtfBug.html                          macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/datatransfer/SystemSelection/SystemSelectionSwingTest.java                         linux-all
java/awt/dnd/DragInterceptorAppletTest/DragInterceptorAppletTest.html                       macosx-all,linux-all
java/awt/dnd/DnDTestWithHIDPI/DragTestWithHIDPI.java                                        macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/dnd/FileListBetweenJVMsTest/FileListBetweenJVMsTest.html                           macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/dnd/InterJVMGetDropSuccessTest/InterJVMGetDropSuccessTest.html                     macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/dnd/RecognizedActionTest/RecognizedActionTest.java                                 macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/dnd/RemoveDropTargetCrashTest/RemoveDropTargetCrashTest.java                       macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/dnd/URIListBetweenJVMsTest/URIListBetweenJVMsTest.html                             linux-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/AltCharAcceleratorTest/AltCharAcceleratorTest.java                  macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/DeadKey/DeadKeyMacOSXInputText.java                                 macosx-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/DeadKey/deadKeyMacOSX.java                                          macosx-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/ExtendedKeyCode/ExtendedKeyCodeTest.java                            macosx-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/KeyChar/KeyCharTest.java                                            macosx-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/KeyTyped/CtrlASCII.html                                             windows-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/SwallowKeyEvents/SwallowKeyEvents.java                              macosx-all,linux-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/ClickDuringKeypress/ClickDuringKeypress.java                      macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/EnterAsGrabbedEvent/EnterAsGrabbedEvent.java                      macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/MouseButtonsTest/MouseButtonsTest.java                            macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/MultipleMouseButtonsTest/MultipleMouseButtonsTest.java            macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/RobotLWTest/RobotLWTest.html                                      macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseWheelEvent/WheelModifier/WheelModifier.java                             macosx-all
java/awt/event/SequencedEvent/SequencedEventTest.java                                       macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/font/Emoji/EmojiDrawingTest.java                                                   macosx-all
java/awt/font/Outline/OutlineInvarianceTest.java                                            linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/grab/EmbeddedFrameTest1/EmbeddedFrameTest1.java                                    windows-all
java/awt/grab/GrabOnUnfocusableToplevel/GrabOnUnfocusableToplevel.java                      macosx-all
java/awt/grab/MenuDragEvents/MenuDragEvents.java                                            macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/hidpi/ClientAreaOriginWindowsTest.java                                             windows-all
java/awt/hidpi/DrawOnFrameGraphicsTest.java                                                 windows-all
java/awt/hidpi/SetMaximizedBoundsTest.java                                                  windows-all
java/awt/hidpi/properties/HiDPIPropertiesWindowsTest.java                                   windows-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/EABlitTest.java                                                    windows-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/IncorrectOffset.java                                               windows-all
java/awt/image/VolatileImage/DrawBufImgOp.java                                              windows-all
java/awt/image/VolatileImage/DrawHugeImageTest.java                                         windows-all
java/awt/image/VolatileImage/TransparentVImage.java                                         windows-all
java/awt/image/multiresolution/Corrupted2XImageTest.java                                    macosx-all
java/awt/image/multiresolution/MenuMultiresolutionIconTest.java                             macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/keyboard/AltPlusNumberKeyCombinationsTest/AltPlusNumberKeyCombinationsTest.java    windows-all

javax/swing/JButton/8151303/PressedIconTest.java                                            windows-all
javax/swing/JComboBox/4523758/bug4523758.java                                               windows-all
javax/swing/JDialog/Transparency/TransparencyTest.java                                      windows-all
javax/swing/JEditorPane/JEditorPaneGCSwitchTest/JEditorPaneGCSwitchTest.java                windows-all
javax/swing/JEditorPane/JEditorPaneGCSwitchTest/JEditorPaneGCSwitchTest_i18n.java           windows-all
jjavax/swing/JFileChooser/8041694/bug8041694.java                                           macosx-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/6288609/TestJInternalFrameDispose.java                           windows-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/8020708/bug8020708.java                                          windows-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/8145060/TestJInternalFrameMinimize.java                          windows-all
javax/swing/JMenu/6538132/bug6538132.java                                                   windows-all
javax/swing/JMenuItem/8158566/CloseOnMouseClickPropertyTest.java                            windows-all
javax/swing/JOptionPane/6428694/bug6428694.java                                             windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/4458079/bug4458079.java                                              windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/4634626/bug4634626.java                                              windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/6217905/bug6217905.java                                              windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/6544309/bug6544309.java                                              linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/6827786/bug6827786.java                                              windows-all
javax/swing/JRadioButton/8041561/bug8041561.java                                            windows-all
javax/swing/JRadioButton/FocusTraversal/FocusTraversal.java                                 windows-all
javax/swing/JScrollBar/7163696/Test7163696.java                                             windows-all
javax/swing/JScrollBar/bug4202954/bug4202954.java                                           windows-all
javax/swing/JSlider/6401380/bug6401380.java                                                 windows-all
javax/swing/JSplitPane/4885629/bug4885629.java                                              windows-all
javax/swing/JTextArea/8149849/DNDTextToScaledArea.java                                      windows-all
javax/swing/JToolTip/6219960/bug6219960.java                                                windows-all
javax/swing/JTree/4633594/JTreeFocusTest.java                                               windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/PerPixelTranslucent.java                    windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/PerPixelTranslucentGradient.java            windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/PerPixelTranslucentSwing.java               linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/ShapedPerPixelTranslucentGradient.java      windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/ShapedTranslucentPerPixelTranslucentGradient.java windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/TranslucentJComboBox.java                   windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/TranslucentPerPixelTranslucentGradient.java windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/TranslucentWindowClickSwing.java            windows-all
javax/swing/event/RightAltKeyTest.java                                                      windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/metal/MetalGradient/8163193/ButtonGradientTest.java                        windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/nimbus/8041642/ScrollBarThumbVisibleTest.java                              windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/nimbus/8041642/bug8041642.java                                             windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/nimbus/8057791/bug8057791.java                                             windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/nimbus/TestNimbusOverride.java                                             windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/synth/SynthButtonUI/6276188/bug6276188.java                                windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/synth/SynthScrollbarThumbPainter/SynthScrollbarThumbPainterTest.java       windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/windows/6921687/bug6921687.java                                            windows-all
javax/swing/reliability/TaskUndJFrameProperties.java                                        windows-all
javax/swing/reliability/TaskZoomJFrameChangeState.java                                      linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/reliability/TaskZoomJFrameRepaint.java                                          linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/text/FlowView/LayoutTest.java                                                   windows-all
javax/swing/text/html/CSS/4530474/bug4530474.java                                           windows-all
javax/swing/text/html/StyleSheet/bug4936917.java                                            windows-all

jb/javax/swing/JDialog/JDialog186.java                                                      macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
jb/javax/swing/JDialog/JDialog1054.java                                                     macosx-all
jb/javax/swing/JDialog/JDialog705.java                                                      macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
jb/javax/swing/JDialog/JDialog741/JDialog741.html                                           macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
jb/sun/awt/macos/KeyPressAndHoldTest.java                                                   macosx-all
jb/sun/awt/macos/MoveFocusShortcutTest.java                                                 macosx-all
jb/sun/lwawt/macosx/NSEvent/nsevent422.sh                                                   macosx-all