java/awt/datatransfer/DragUnicodeBetweenJVMTest/DragUnicodeBetweenJVMTest.java      JBR-5538 windows-all
java/awt/Frame/RestoreToOppositeScreen/RestoreToOppositeScreen.java                 8286840 linux-all
java/awt/GridLayout/ChangeGridSize/ChangeGridSize.java                              JBR-4199 linux-5.4.0-1083-aws
java/awt/GridLayout/ComponentPreferredSize/ComponentPreferredSize.java              JBR-4199 linux-5.4.0-1083-aws

java/awt/Graphics/LineClipTest.java                                                 JBR-5071 linux-all
java/awt/image/VolatileImage/DrawHugeImageTest.java                                 JBR-5071 linux-all
java/awt/LightweightComponent/LightweightEventTest/LightweightEventTest.java 8159252,JBR-5050,JBR-5071 windows-all,macosx-all,linux-all
java/awt/PopupMenu/PopupMenuLocation.java                                           8238720,8288415,JBR-5071 windows-all,macosx-all,linux-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/6580930/bug6580930.java                                      7124313,JBR-5071 macosx-all,linux-all
javax/swing/plaf/synth/SynthButtonUI/6276188/bug6276188.java                        8274106 macosx-all

sun/java2d/GdiRendering/ClipShapeRendering.java                                     JBR-5204 linux-all,windows-all

#
# the below tests are not intended to be executed in S2 configurations because
# the tests contains tags to be launched for various scales including S2
#
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/ActionListenerTest.java                                  nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/ChangeTitleBarHeightTest.java                            nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/CheckFullScreen.java                                     nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/CreateTitleBarTest.java                                  nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/DialogNativeControlsTest.java                            nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/FrameNativeControlsTest.java                             nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/HiddenNativeControlsTest.java                            nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/HitTestClientArea.java                                   nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/HitTestNonClientArea.java                                nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/JDialogNativeControlsTest.java                           nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/MaximizedWindowFocusTest.java                            nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/MaximizeWindowTest.java                                  nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/MinimizingWindowTest.java                                nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/MouseEventsOnClientArea.java                             nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/NativeControlsVisibilityTest.java                        nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/WindowResizeTest.java                                    nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/WindowsControlWidthTest.java                             nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/WindowVisibilityTest.java                                nobug generic-all
